README.md, before:

# Awesome Tools


## Documentation

[sphinx](https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx) - Generate python documentation (relatively) easy  
[tldr](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) - Community driven man pages  
[OpenAPI](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) 3.0 - Generate and document API from Specs  
[Github](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) Markdown - Github flavoured markdown  
[Marp](https://github.com/marp-team/marp) - Generating presentations from markdown  

## SSH

[assh](https://github.com/moul/assh) - SSH config manager  

## SQL

[ipython-sql](https://github.com/catherinedevlin/ipython-sql) - Use ipython as MySQL shell  
[usql](https://github.com/xo/usql) - A universal command-line interface for PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle Database, SQLite3, Microsoft SQL Server, and many other databases including NoSQL and non-relational databases!  

## Shell

[alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty) - Terminal emulator  
[pier](https://github.com/pier-cli/pier) - Script management tool in rust  
[Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) - Cross-shell prompt  
[exa](https://github.com/ogham/exa) - ls replacement  
[bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) - cat replacement  
[fselect](https://github.com/jhspetersson/fselect) - Search files using mysql syntax  
[fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd) - find replacement  
[zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide) - Directory navigation  

## Development tools
[jq](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) - lightweight and flexible command-line JSON processor  
[yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) - a lightweight and portable command-line YAML processor  

## AWS
[aws-vault](https://github.com/99designs/aws-vault) - a tool to securely store and access AWS credentials  
[kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) - Power tools for kubectl  
[saws](https://github.com/donnemartin/saws) - AWS Shell  
[localstack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) - A fully functional local AWS cloud stack  

## Gitlab
[python-gitlab](https://github.com/python-gitlab/python-gitlab) - Python package providing access to the GitLab server API (with CLI).  

## Jenkins

## Learning
[System design primer - learning system design](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer)  
[Learn git branching - Interactive git tutorial](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)  

## Git
[gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) - a self-hosted Git service with nice web GUI  
[gita](https://github.com/nosarthur/gita) - Manage multiple repositories  
[gitui](https://github.com/extrawurst/gitui) - Blazing fast terminal client for git written in Rust  

## Version manipulation
[bump2version](https://github.com/c4urself/bump2version) - Version bumping  
[python-semver](https://github.com/python-semver/python-semver) - A Python module for semantic versioning. Simplifies comparing versions  

## Security
[pass](https://github.com/zx2c4/password-store) - Password manager using GPG keys  
[pass-otp](https://github.com/tadfisher/pass-otp) - One time password integration for pass  
[pass-import](https://github.com/roddhjav/pass-import) - Import passwords to pass  
[bandwhich](https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich) - Inspect process bandwidth usage   
[firejail](https://github.com/netblue30/firejail) - An SUID Sandbox to reduce securyt break risk when running untrusted applications

## Package managers
[cargo](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo) - Package manager for rust, distributed by default with Rust.  
[pip](https://github.com/pypa/pip) - pip is the package installer for Python  

## Terraform
[tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) - Terraform version manager  

## Communication
[toot](https://github.com/ihabunek/toot) - Command line and TUI for Mastodon  

## Python
[pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) - Python version manager  
[pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) - pyenv-virtualenv is a pyenv plugin that provides features to manage virtualenvs and conda environments for Python on UNIX-like systems.  
[cookiecutter]()  

## Text processing
[q](https://github.com/harelba/q) - q is a command line tool that allows direct execution of SQL-like queries on CSVs/TSVs  
[grex](https://github.com/pemistahl/grex) - Rust library/cli for generating regular expressions  
[ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) - a line-oriented search tool that recursively searches your current directory for a regex pattern  
[bingrep](https://github.com/m4b/bingrep) - Greps through binaries from various OSs and architectures, and colors them  

## System and Network monitoring
[bandwhich](https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich) - a CLI utility for displaying current network utilization by process, connection and remote IP/hostname  
[bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom) - A cross-platform graphical process/system monitor with a customizable interface and a multitude of features  

## Productivity
[khal](https://github.com/pimutils/khal) - Khal is a standards based CLI and terminal calendar program, able to synchronize with CalDAV servers through vdirsyncer.  
[khard](https://github.com/scheibler/khard) - an address book for the Unix console  
[pass](https://www.passwordstore.org/) - Password management should be simple and follow Unix philosophy  
[pass-otp](https://github.com/tadfisher/pass-otp) - A pass extension for managing one-time-password (OTP) tokens

Commit message:

Added gopass and removed lines that appear twice
Signed-off-by: Barak Avrahami <baraka@coregen.io>

README.md, after:

# Awesome Tools


## Documentation

[sphinx](https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx) - Generate python documentation (relatively) easy  
[tldr](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) - Community driven man pages  
[OpenAPI](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) 3.0 - Generate and document API from Specs  
[Github](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) Markdown - Github flavoured markdown  
[Marp](https://github.com/marp-team/marp) - Generating presentations from markdown  

## SSH

[assh](https://github.com/moul/assh) - SSH config manager  

## SQL

[ipython-sql](https://github.com/catherinedevlin/ipython-sql) - Use ipython as MySQL shell  
[usql](https://github.com/xo/usql) - A universal command-line interface for PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle Database, SQLite3, Microsoft SQL Server, and many other databases including NoSQL and non-relational databases!  

## Shell

[alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty) - Terminal emulator  
[pier](https://github.com/pier-cli/pier) - Script management tool in rust  
[Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) - Cross-shell prompt  
[exa](https://github.com/ogham/exa) - ls replacement  
[bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) - cat replacement  
[fselect](https://github.com/jhspetersson/fselect) - Search files using mysql syntax  
[fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd) - find replacement  
[zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide) - Directory navigation  

## Development tools
[jq](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) - lightweight and flexible command-line JSON processor  
[yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) - a lightweight and portable command-line YAML processor  

## AWS
[aws-vault](https://github.com/99designs/aws-vault) - a tool to securely store and access AWS credentials  
[kubectx](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubectx) - Power tools for kubectl  
[saws](https://github.com/donnemartin/saws) - AWS Shell  
[localstack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) - A fully functional local AWS cloud stack  

## Gitlab
[python-gitlab](https://github.com/python-gitlab/python-gitlab) - Python package providing access to the GitLab server API (with CLI).  

## Jenkins

## Learning
[System design primer - learning system design](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer)  
[Learn git branching - Interactive git tutorial](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)  

## Git
[gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) - a self-hosted Git service with nice web GUI  
[gita](https://github.com/nosarthur/gita) - Manage multiple repositories  
[gitui](https://github.com/extrawurst/gitui) - Blazing fast terminal client for git written in Rust  

## Version manipulation
[bump2version](https://github.com/c4urself/bump2version) - Version bumping  
[python-semver](https://github.com/python-semver/python-semver) - A Python module for semantic versioning. Simplifies comparing versions  

## Security
[pass](https://github.com/zx2c4/password-store) - Password manager using GPG keys  
[pass-otp](https://github.com/tadfisher/pass-otp) - One time password integration for pass  
[pass-import](https://github.com/roddhjav/pass-import) - Import passwords to pass  
[bandwhich](https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich) - Inspect process bandwidth usage   
[firejail](https://github.com/netblue30/firejail) - An SUID Sandbox to reduce securyt break risk when running untrusted applications
[gopass](https://github.com/gopasspw/gopass) - gopass is a password manager for the command line

## Package managers
[cargo](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo) - Package manager for rust, distributed by default with Rust.  
[pip](https://github.com/pypa/pip) - pip is the package installer for Python  

## Terraform
[tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) - Terraform version manager  

## Communication
[toot](https://github.com/ihabunek/toot) - Command line and TUI for Mastodon  

## Python
[pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) - Python version manager  
[pyenv-virtualenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv-virtualenv) - pyenv-virtualenv is a pyenv plugin that provides features to manage virtualenvs and conda environments for Python on UNIX-like systems.  
[cookiecutter]()  

## Text processing
[q](https://github.com/harelba/q) - q is a command line tool that allows direct execution of SQL-like queries on CSVs/TSVs  
[grex](https://github.com/pemistahl/grex) - Rust library/cli for generating regular expressions  
[ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) - a line-oriented search tool that recursively searches your current directory for a regex pattern  
[bingrep](https://github.com/m4b/bingrep) - Greps through binaries from various OSs and architectures, and colors them  

## System and Network monitoring
[bandwhich](https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich) - a CLI utility for displaying current network utilization by process, connection and remote IP/hostname  
[bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom) - A cross-platform graphical process/system monitor with a customizable interface and a multitude of features  

## Productivity
[khal](https://github.com/pimutils/khal) - Khal is a standards based CLI and terminal calendar program, able to synchronize with CalDAV servers through vdirsyncer.  
[khard](https://github.com/scheibler/khard) - an address book for the Unix console
